# Course Description for Web Application Development

| **Grade Distribution** |
| :--- |
| Assignments: **10%** |
| Quiz: **10%** |
| Lab: **15%** |
| Final Exam: **30** |
| Final Project: **35%** |

# Lab:
# Final Exam:
# Final Project:
- Work in groups of 3-4 members
- Develop a full-stack help desk ticketing system
- A real life client (business or organization) is required as a reference

## Group Structure
- Each member must be responsible for creating a module or part of the app.
- Roles:
    - Front-End Lead: Design UI or visual elements.
    - Back-End Lead: Focus on server or database elements.
    - Full-Stack Developer: Helps front and back end lead.
    - QA Tester: Tests the app to see if it works and meets the requirement.

## Project Plan:
- The project should have a timeline and also milestones.

## Project Management Tools:
- A project management tool such as Jira should be created and shared to lecturer by week 2.
- If the tool has not been shared by week 4, **5 points** will be deducted.

## Shared Repository:
- Github should be created and shared by week 3 to lecturer.
- If the repository has not been shared by week 4, **5 points** will be deducted.

## Individual Responsibility:
- Each memeber must submit a **personal development plan** outlining their contributions to the project management tool.

## Project Timeline:
| **Week** | **Task** |
| --- | --- |
| 1-3 | Group formation, identifying real life business reference, BRD, project planning, and repository creation |
| 4 | (**Checkpoint 1**) Submit BRD, project plan, and repository sharing |
| 5-7 | USR, SRS, prototype design, and initial implementation |
| 8 | (**Checkpoint 2**) Submit USR, SRS, and prototype design |
| 9-11 | Development of the app itself, QA testing, and final presentation preperation |
| 12 | (**Checkpoint 3**) Submit final product |
| 13 | Final application and presentation |

## Scoring Breakdown:
| **Component** | **Weight** |
| --- | --- |
| BRD | 10% |
| USR & SRS | 15% |
| Prototype & Functionality | 25% |
| Code Quality | 10% |
| Presentation & Demo | 10% |
| Individual Contribution | 30% |

## Final Notes:
- If the product is submitted as a copyright, all other components of the grading (Assignments, Final Exam, etc.) will have a minimum score of 80.
- This means that you cannot get lower tha 80 in other componenets.
